Idean Labib, Billy Carrington, Derek Chang
9/15/17

Game Proposal

Our plan for a 2-Dimensional top-down game is a kingdom under attack.
You start as the King inside your castle during a time of peace.
Suddenly your squire rushes in to tell you that aliens have invaded
your lands and burned your villages. The mothership hovers above your
castle and alien soldiers have landed on your walls. Honor compels you
to fight off these monsters and reclaim your kingdom!

The game starts off with you controlling your character in the throne
room at the bottom floor. The level design is simply each floor of the
castle, leading up to the top, is a separate "level". Your objective
is to climb the stairs to each level and progress through the castle
until you reach the top floor. Each floor contains enemies, hopefully
with a weapon of sorts, that increase in difficulty as you go higher up.
There could also be traps like holes in the floor where if you miss them
you fall through back down a floor. We would like to include a boss
battle of sorts at the end where you would duel the alien overlord at
the top of the castle. He has some sort of power or stages in the fight
that make him difficult to defeat. Once you beat him, the game will
congratulate you on defending your home and will end.

Gameplay wise we want to give the character a weapon to shoot or hit
the enemies with. You start off with a full "bar" of health, displayed
as a bar or hearts or whatever, and you take a certain amount of damage
when hit by an enemy or something shot at you. Throughout the levels
some power-ups will be available for you to pick up. For instance
running shoes to make you move faster, or temporary damage boost. You
can also regain health by eating food your cook left behind all
throughout the castle.

As the character you move in the cardinal directions using the w/a/s/d
keys. The mouse click attacks, either as a sword swipe or shooting, in
whatever direction you're facing at the time. You start each level at
one end and need to reach the stairs at the other end in order to
progress through the levels. Enemies can move similarly but maybe not
as fast. Of course if the game is too easy we can adjust how the
enemies behave, but for now that's the idea. The game screen centers
on your character and moves with you, so your character stays in the
same spot on the computer screen and everything seems to move around
you.

The game will run at 60 fps at a 1280x720 resolution. We aren't yet
sure of a name but we'll work on that later. Currently considering
"Stonewall Abbey" as a potential name.
